I have an infection infection which, over a little time, it's always a good device.
I would like to welcome my guest to have a send of the hearing this morning and to remind
them of the standing committee rule that any audible manifestations of a true, vulnerable
physical rule of anything taking place in this committee room are strictly forbidden
by the committee rule. The uniformed officers in the room and the paying closings feel
them on you have a prevailing set of orders from the committee to remove from the room immediately,
politely but firmly, any of you who elect to violate the terms by which you enter the
room, namely, to refrain entirely from audible manifestations of a true, vulnerable physical
rule. The chair again instructs our playing closed people and a uniform guard without any
further instruction from the chair without any interruptions of the proceedings to carry
out the orders of the committee. Should there be any violations of those Jews? Our agencies
have been uniformed with courteous and cooperative. We have a chance for this, they will continue
to be that way. As we concluded yesterday, we had finally terminated the long task to
getting the monitored phone calls into the record and Mr. Council, we have Mr. Cohn back
on the stands. We would start our 10 minute go round with you if you have any questions
to ask this time. Senator Jackson, the follow-up, I want to have been discussed in part yesterday,
and certainly that Mr. Cipher, be called as a witness so that the public understands,
I made a motion this morning, executive session that he be called and it was seconded by
Senator McClaum. The motion was defeated by a substitute on a four to three votes, this
wants the public, so they can fully understand what had transpired since the request of yesterday.
Mr. Cipher, I wouldn't excuse you, if you could say that Mr. Welk represents one side
of the country, Mr. Cipher. Certainly, the chair will tell Mr. Cipher again having
to call as one of the witnesses that is the desire of any members of the committee or any
principal to the country, Mr. Cipher. The Parliament will be in court. You may say,
the your statements to me, that Mr. Cipher, this is going to be called and if so, my statement
will stand on your own, that is, oh, do we go nothing? And to that, is Mr. Cipher going
to be called and it's so when? Is the Cipher will be called the committee decide to run
the hearings beyond the specified number of witnesses suggested by the army side of the
country, Mr. Cipher, as you'll remember, of course I couldn't answer that question, but
the chairman, a lot of charges were made against Mr. Cipher yesterday, and I would suggest
that now that you can tell us whether or not you are going to call Mr. Cipher or whether
you're going to continue on their roles, which was a body line role 43 not to call it. There
is no such role not to call a member to direct the record. Because the role of other
witnesses is published and we should have the record accurate. The vote is passed through
the four to three vote points that will be continually jacked through the proceedings
of the procedure we have powered up to now. And that is, Mr. Cipher, Mr. Cipher,
I'm advised to tell you how they share well then, to feed them and the first table up here.
Ah, just as it has come up, I might give a word as to a background of a transparency
executive meeting. The purpose of the meeting was to determine whether or not it was impossible
now in the interest of trying to terminate these hearings at some foreseeable age to
agree upon a list of witnesses to be called and having agreed upon that, it's at a target
base for the complete adjournment, signly die of these hearings. It is brought up by some
of the committee members and the chair thought of complete validity. And before they could
vote intelligently on such a motion, they should have an opportunity to read the executive
meeting. The chair is today having ten tribes and a little bit of the council's role. All
of the testimony of all of the witnesses who have appeared in executive session. When
committee members have had a fair chance, then sales of the executive council to examine
that testimony, the chair is then ready for another executive meeting of the committee.
Go around the table and find out just what witnesses. Those principals involved of committee
members feel should be called before we can have any details. And at that time, I am
right also, we can agree on the list, however large or however small, so that we won't have
to be held here incriminately and forever by the committee hearings we have attended to
the spread and to expand without any guidance whatsoever unless by now we can put down
a national degree on the witness to be called. At that time, certainly the name of Mr.
Trippard will be called and if decided to go beyond the witness of these Mr. Walsh,
now thousands, he wants to have calls and have the committee present his final case, then
certainly Mr. Trippard will be called. Now, you have no questions, the chair has not
been used in the sentence and it will come, it has been in three years. But the call I
feel re-worked to your committee, document again, we are going to go through this as rapidly
as we can. For in my documents, we were on page 16 and you are charged with specification
number, one day through. I think we are going beyond that too. I mean we are going
further, we were discussing 24-hour-one-way concluded the trial was closed directly. I thought
of a memory that you would ask me about 31 and on 31. I will recall that just to get
a connection, you stay here. The one he stopped the clinic, I believe he said you make him
specifically and Mr. Adam stopped the clinic, he was going to allow, that's the outstanding
example. That's the outstanding, that's the sufficient and I thank you. I thank you.
We would need this, then, a lawful should be a witness here. We've reviewed that charge
was support, so few. I think general lawful should be a witness here, either through support
that charge or to refuse it. Also, I think the record is, I think it will be fine to have
him tonight, I'm sure he's going to make the record was Adam. But I think the record is
made, sir, Mr. Steven, Mr. Adam. I know, you don't want him to be heard, he's a man of
his friends. I didn't say I didn't want him to hear. But I think he should be here, and I think
he should be there, maybe he could be. All right, let's go to number 32. You saw
where that's the Medov-Tobus in January 1954. The Medov-Tobus in January 1954, Mr. Adam
though, on numerous occasions, to secure it from the Germans and the U.S.
staff, a promise of violence, it's the end of the statement to both, both general lawful,
demanding general at fourth moment, and the need of his demands. Yes, that's true. Yes,
it is. You regard that as a serious act, serious threat. Yes, sir, I think that's general
lawful as passage. But at the end of the statement, much more reference to Bill and the
President of General, as he was sent into operating and trying to get commoners out of the
army. That's it. There it is, isn't it? All right, let's go to number 33. All right, about
October 21, 1953, and all the media decisions that have been made. Mr. Adam, he used every
effort to discover the names of persons, including instances of commoners in the location of the
self-divitage, stating that if he discovered any of the departments, he would have that
here. Is that statement true? Yes, sir. Do you regard that as public commoners, if
you? Well, both I get into this question of informants, that we've asked so much to say.
I understand, but it's true. I'm talking about Adam's action. I think he was quite wrong.
That would be probably the problem with that. I couldn't wait to know that if you can tell us
under the end, tell us what it is. I think it's an advantage for Mr. Adam, sir. I have to
say that at that point, he was going to get the head of anybody working for him who was
giving information through the testimony. What point? You've played all of October 21.
You're not at this point, you're talking about it. I'm sorry, sure. Was that, and that was very
early, then, when you were playing him for him, wasn't it? Yes, sir. He took the position
that he found any people in his department who were giving us information he would have their
head. He did not tie that in with any statement on his plot that he thought coming, it should
be suspected already from the wrong road lines. I have to say that, it's a hamlet to him. He didn't
say that, but he said he'd get the head of anybody who gave information about this point
while he did not want people in his organization to give us information. Yes. Well, that was
an obstruction for me, or do you think I was wrong? I thought he was wrong, sir. If I was wrong,
then. Did that continue on after that date? Yes, sir, sir. All the way to your
point of argument with your relations with Baltimore, please, you follow. But, I remember
October 21, I remember a few incidents there after, certainly continue to be tempered.
All right, let's go to 34. Yes, sir. I reached from the bottom next to the last
center. He was, he was not driving. He was full of immunoventilation with both of
the three and the subcommittee have a human person with commoners wreckage. I've been
praying for this board, and I've seen you speaking about the loyalty board. That's right.
Yes, sir. I've been praying for this board, three eight one. Sir, so it's the top one before
it. The top one before it. A white watch was, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the
top. At very time in the December and January, he told us the phone and the power that he
would stop at nothing, he produced the subcommittee from going into this. Is that true? Is
there a guard that is a threat? I regard it as a space, that he was going to do everything
he could to stop us from examining the members of the world. You said, and just trust
me. Yes. Reckon did just the committee's work. He said he did not want us to have any
members of the world before. That's correct. All right, now let's go to number 36. He's
following days, and I assume that the far as to the statement in the previous paragraph
and right January 19th is mentioned. He does it. Yes sir. He's following days Mr. Adams
communicated with other members of the subcommittee and stated that unless the chairman was to be
on the farm, the doctor's investigation and not to issue the seniors for those in the
lower as it's that up. Mr. Adams, you have calls and embarrassing reports to be circulated
about Mr. Cole. If you regard that as a threat, it is true. Yes, I think the testimony of the
Republican candidate here is the Sabbath that's there. It is true that he's gotten to
issue a report against you unless, unless the convenience for the law is the board will
as well. I think that's a set out. How are you making the members of the committee?
That's the event too. I made that set. What's the record? I put this testimony here of
Senator Jackson, Senator Monk, and particularly also I don't recall. Are you in
that testimony? I was collaborating that side. He gave me a check if it was there. Yes sir.
I do. That's the way you end up. I do. That's the testimony of the senator.
Yes I do. Number 29. I mean number 307, I'm sorry.
Number 40.
Number 25. All about January 27, 1964. Mr. Adams told Mr. Cole.
That Mr. Adams had to present the appearance of those connections with the law to proceed with.
And that this was one issue on which he was stopped at Metins. That's true. Well, that was not told to me personally.
That was told to Mr. Coggy told it to me. Then it would be a burden that the car passed the file
on that point. So I don't think it's a joke. I can tell you that Mr. Cog told me that it's such a conversation for a late time.
And I know Mr. Coggy is record in the FBI. I'm sure it's a mistake.
And then we follow down here. I'm sure you familiar with him.
Number 41. Number 42. And number 43 where you mentioned other things.
That Mr. Adams had taken about the same position. Are they all correct? Yes sir. I'm sure they are.
All right, 40.
Well, correct. Number 43. And number 35. You have heard of this document which you now hold in hand.
The original audit of the original audit which was distributed to members of the committee and later released.
Number 45. First document which is.
That is very important now in advance.
That Mr. Adams.
The staff, the staff committee and investigation is common within location and in the army.
You make that charge now and they the staff will be very important.
All right. The document which is. I'm sure a lot of the purpose for which it was.
Mr. Jesse. So you make that statement now.
40 states whether and it succeeded at least before.
Yes sir. If you take it.
40 bad states.
As established as a fact that inside of numerous instances of actual intervention and military assignments by public officials.
Number 4 will set you the fourth issue.
Do you charge now that it was issued in bad states by Mr. Barby.
Second there of the army and by Mr. Adams.
Uh, coming to McClellan. I not only do that. I think that Mr. Steven Stacey and the telephone conversation with some of the findings that I'm watching.
If the whole thing was closely exaggerated and there was nothing to it.
His ample demonstration of the fact that it was issued in bad state.
I understand it. I understand it.
Mr. Chairman. I would have no further questions to ask Mr. Claw.
And I. I'm not afraid too much of my time because I like to long to have more time at top.
I would like our little explain.
One thing to the people that are here and the people that might be dropping on fellow.
We've had several four to three days.
I would guess that a part of the conversation that I was put on is heard.
I would guess that all of our action is kept free.
Now this is a twenty-nine days of this period.
Here in the post are they hearing there are many strong men that are up to the top.
There are telephone conversations. We never wouldn't go that far.
There will be a big effort made to keep the telephone conversations up.
What if telephone conversations are in the back?
Now, on these days, the period has to come to an end.
We have eight staff. We are busy people.
We are lucky to have their state to represent them in the center of the United States.
We are tied up here for twenty-nine days.
And ladies and gentlemen, the end is still not in sight.
Now I'm wondering whether we are paying our responsibility at this public service.
By not trying to find a method to bring these hearings to an honorable conclusion.
I say that certain days after twenty-nine days and a day's plan to follow Senator Hathen in the party
and the card to give their testimony, it will go back and pick up everything that I remember.
I would like to have heard. Never think that would like to.
We will be here on November 4th.
I don't wish to forget that our friends on the other side of the table
would like to have you here and continue on to the front.
But I will say it's the one on the side of the table.
I am convinced we can ask the thing that's our job.
And concludes these hearings.
And a matter of days, if we look for the single-knit-the-purpose seducer.
There's no doubt that these hearings will begin.
From the basic issues of that thing in the past, we have a personality conflict
that will become in contact by the moment.
Sixth place in the moment, there's no one.
And he goes.
So I would like to just forget to my colleagues, I'm both of them.
Take your conscience and your good needs.
A method to advocate the facts that are put into this investigation in the counter.
And then bring these hearings to a conclusion so we can carry out the other functions of our duties as a subject.
Get that.
Thank you, Senator Potter, for those lies and dispression, the ways to counter.
Before the next senator has an opportunity to question the witness,
let's return to our studio across the country.
Why did I just add a word to do to the very fine remarks of my good friend,
the thing that's been the senator from Michigan?
I think that probably the hardest thing to practice sitting here before so many people is restraints.
I know that I find it difficult to follow what I should, being a human being.
I would like to say, however, that names are brought in to this controversy, not by some of us on this side of the aisle.
So I think any of the people that they have people here, the members of the committee,
senators, both Republicans and Democrats,
so I think just simple American fair play requires that the other side be heard.
Now if you want to cut down and be lefty hearing, then let's avoid bringing in additional people.
I think everyone, not lawyers, not experts on evidence or anything else,
but every American be high or low.
Certainly understands that when an individual has been discussed that great lengths to fall millions of Americans,
that individual has the right to be heard.
And the way to avoid adding what this is not to bring in the additional name.
I think there's an all of you on that.
And I think all of us who are sitting in judgment on this,
try to put on a Republican and Democratic side, will want to bring in additional names.
If we're going to bring them in, then fair play is a joke case that they have an opportunity to be heard.
That's why I made the motion.
Just that simple.
What reference to Mr. Tarkifer's?
I'm referring.
Mr. Collin, now that he's been approved,
got out of the way our cabinet has made the cost now,
and I confess to that, and I think all of us who are sitting here.
To do my television network is bringing you through,
may I revert greatly now to complete my interrogations regarding Mr. Tarkifer's and where those things start.
So, that with the crack is not the way to think that is.
Well, I know, but when he was the first name you referred to in the document was introduced for the thousands of names,
I think you have stated that he did not give any indication of people and radar laboratories in that,
and I think that is statement about people in chemical laboratories.
I think the long-lost lines, I don't see the word radar used in your correct in that.
I know that he did discuss the signal for our radar situation.
Was that him and Memorand in your correct the word radar?
Well, I only have to go and Memorand, by the way, did you make a memo, boss?
Your conversation with Mr. Tarkifer?
No, I didn't. Dave Shinesaw from Mr. Krauss.
He has claimed that Memorand is trying to claim that Memorand in which you had sent it from and back in life.
I thought that Mr. Krauss on several occasions, I don't think I have ever made a Memorandum of my conversation.
I am not good at making Memorandum.
Well, I wouldn't try to challenge you on that because there are a number of Memorandas that were,
it's released to the press a while back and I believe that was one more than in March.
So, at least I think it's logical that I have a question about Memorand because Memorand had been released to the first press relating to conversations that some of the staff had with different people.
Show it. Now, wasn't it important for Mr. Shines to make a note of the fact that he had mentioned that,
what do you say, chemical and the largest organs? I think that didn't report.
Well, I've looked over this report and thousands, they just make it a blank, it's already a copy of that, sir.
Well, I have, I'll let you have the only one I have.
And a thousand names are given in the Army, which is pretty indefinitely. Mr. Tosh having left his company in the party on the stand in 41 or 42.
I think what we need, Mr. Toshone is from Memorandum from the files which would indicate that the hearing was initiated back in March.
Well, I think you have this Memorandum which came from what, sir, and you also have, I think it's a fact that it's...
I can also give you some testimony if you wish about other people too.
Well, 95% of Mr. Toshone's Memorandum relates to Memorandum. It relates to Russia in 1927 and 1928.
I have what I want, sir. It's on page three of the Memorandum. I believe it says I had an eclectic, the Navy, I was recommended, been collecting the Navy's and civilian workers in the Unition and Chemical Industries.
That's the sense, which I had reference.
Yeah, but the moment he doesn't mention specific places, he just makes an statement that the Communist was infiltrated.
No matter fact, it's not true, Mr. Toshone, but under the draft act, a member came out, being excluded from the draft, if he's a member of the Communist Party.
I believe you're right. He can't be excluded by the election service. I don't think that's Toshone's been taking any action.
Well, when he says there are a thousand in the Army, you would automatically say that if there are 25 or 50,000 Communist in the United States, when they have children, then of course that was raised the question of commissioning them as officers.
The question of their treatment and observation, once they are instructed into the Army.
Well, let's get back to one of those any Memorandum files.
You mentioned, I think in your earlier testimony the other day, that you were someone of the staff, I think someone of the staff that talked with an Army officer,
Yes sir. About an investigation army, when was that?
That I think was in late February, if that's taken care of the case.
Well, you have a Memorandum on that?
No, I don't.
I have a recollection on it, sir.
Well, let me, do you have any Memorandum at all with reference to the initiation of the investigation into the Army other than the Paul Proc document?
I think probably we do, sir, yet.
Well, can we get that? I think that's very important.
As you know, to the question of when the investigation of the Army got underway?
Well, one thing with Joseph, well, of course, as I say, you have here a Memorandum, I'm timing this infiltration of the American Armed Forces, dated March 1953.
In addition to that kind of transaction, I believe you have sent in a majority testimony that the two-in-a-quarter page, summary of FBI information obtained from the Army,
seemed to us back around this period of time, maybe a month or two.
Thereafter, that's another thing we did, your right, sir, talked to an Army intelligence officer, toward the end of February.
I will not like to repeat it, name me. Mr. Stevens knows.
I'm not asking for his name.
No, sir. Mr. Stevens knows his name, because I sent this Army intelligence officer over the statements of Stevens in September.
I think I know who he is, but I'm not asking for his name now, but I would like to have the Memorandum available, which would indicate the follow-up on the conversation with this Major and anyone else that was interviewed on.
Mr. Stevens, I still have that. I hate that important. I had an e... I spent quite a lengthy evening with that Major and discussed these things.
So, at the end of February, actually, if I think I had someone call him and find out when, as it was, the end of February. I remember where it was.
I don't recall that I made a Memorandum of that meeting, sir. I don't think I did.
Well, was any Memorandum or any follow-up made of the two-in-a-quarter page document?
Yes, I did. It gets back to the other things, sir. There was a follow-up, because I know I saw, for instance, to this Major.
I have thought from, again, since that date, I was aware of what he knew and so it stayed shine.
I think he might have supplied some documentation at that time, or shortly thereafter, or told us where to get some documentation.
On the FBI's Memorandum, sir, when I got the name Aaron Coleman, as I think I explained, I checked that fact against the record in the Rosenberg case.
I think I bought a copy of the record in the Rosenberg case.
Well, we followed up this.
You said you had documentation. Can you supply that?
Well, you got the Christ Memorandum, sir. You have the...
Well, the cost Memorandum, Mr. Cohn, is... I've read all the way through it. It's just a general statement about the fact that the communist...
... would find himself a state of the Army. He based that on a conference that he had in the Soviet Union in 1927 and 28.
Yes, sir. It's something that... I've read it. It's very carefully.
I've read it.
I can't say that if there is any Memorandum in the file, you are welcome to it. I doubt that you'll find much because I was in Wisconsin.
A verbal contact with Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cohn, every day, but if there's any there, you are more than welcome to it.
I will order my spare price this month to...
... earn a certain...
... given land there pretty much immobile, I have for a relatively long time.
Well, I didn't say any important of this case that we have, the Jacksoniest Sand Mile, one of the six off Memorandum...
... relating to this, and if we can have it by right after lunch, that shouldn't take long.
You won't be brought up for lunch. You can't go through all the files. You can get everything you're right after lunch.
Well, we were told before that the senators, when these matters were brought up, such as the two-in-the-quarter page document...
... we could get them without any trouble.
I believe that the drones would help over those days, the trial.
When you get more than the band, you might get to it ever more than that.
Well, don't we have someone in the office who can get to it?
Well, we ever pay for the information when we need it, then if we...
... get it the same judgment, you'll get what you've asked for.
But you know very well that the smittiest and frequently immobileized by the hearing that I am now...
... in such a mess that proceed to go through the file and try and get to know what you want.
You want Memorandum in regard to the initiation of the Army cases, and I don't see why they've sacked it...
... mobilized it apparently working on this.
So, there's the rocket we pay in. There's from time, and in order to make such a minute...
... it's practically for the smiles to those they can get for you.
And this time, it's time...